This pamplisest contains my initial iteration/dataset for my ongoing semester project of digitizing & making searchable a portion of late poet Larry Eigner's life work. This semester, I'll be working with his "Collected Poems," a mammoth 4-volume, 1900-page book was published by Stanford University Press in 2010. Eigner was an incredibly prolific poet whose work spans over 70 years and 3000+ publications that live today partially in this "Collected," but, too, in various small and large archives all over the country. At the graduate level, I quickly became motivated to produce and maintain a usable aggregate of Eigner's work--not in order to do "distant reading," or tracking trends in Eigner's work over his lifetime, but instead to simply have them all in one place. As I'm sure many of my fellow grad students can attest, it is not always possible (or, today, safe) to travel to archives, buy out-of-print or rare broadsides, or even to own an expensive set of books. In this way, my research question & hypothesis do not revolve around Eigner's poetry itself, but rather what might become possible if a graduate student is empowered and able to maintain this type of "micro archive" using relatively simple and accessible digital tools. Additionally, I'm interested methodologically in recording, revealing, and making an argument based out of my own embodied experience with this archival project; poetry and digital humanities overlap relatively rarely, and I think this has a lot to do with how much labor these projects would very often necessitate. I'm interested in laying bare the labor required of my project--a labor so often rendered invisible by digital projects' final, published form. 

My questions as they stand right now are: 1. Does creating and using a finding tool for Eigner's poetry enable a closer reading of individual poems? 2. What does a purposeful & mindful attention to my own body & physical experience as I move through this project add to my & others' understanding of Eigner & his archive as it exists today? and 3. What can this project contribute to the body of interest on what is refered to as "slow scholarship" or "slow DH"? 

"Slow" scholarship means different things to different people, but to me it refers again back to this attention to & revealing of labor practices within academia that demand we work quickly, without error, and (by nature of these first two statements) with little regard for our physical & emotional wellbeing. Unlike forms of "slow scholarship" that seek to undermine, for example, uses of social media within academia or other "hastily" produced published items, my "slow scholarship" is "slow" only in that it literally must be slow. I do not seek to distance myself from social media, blogs, conferences, or other places & spaces where things can just happen quickly--with the push of a button or a click of "send tweet." So I do not want to conflate "speed" with "slopiness" or "carelessness," but, rather, to emphasize and validate that some projects simply cannot happen quickly--and they can't even happen slowly by academic standards. They might take years or even decades to carry out in full, and this very slowness is part of the point. 

The reason for using digital methods vs. any other is simply that while digital archives & digital archiving methods are far from permanent or compact by nature, they enable a highly useful sort of permanence and compactness in the case of this particular archive. It is highly attrractive to me as a scholar to have all these texts digitally searchable and in one location, like it would be for any other scholar of an artist with an already-digitized archive. Additionally, Eigner was, after his passing, an important figure in 1990's conceptions of "e-poetry" or born-digital poetry publications, like his feature in SUNY Buffalo's "e-zine," 'PASSAGES: A Technopoetics Journal' (http://writing.upenn.edu/epc/ezines/passages/passages5/p5notes.html). I'm interested in re-investing in and re-imagining what Eigner's place in 21st century digital poetics could be, particularly if his work was easier for internet users to find in the first place. To these ends I am interested in exploring both python, as it somewhat "clicks" with my otherwise number-adverse brain, as well as HTML, as it may enable me to futher create and curate DIY, micro-archive spaces. 

Lastly, I'll address my Mindful Practice Journal; so far, it has mainly functioned for me as a sort of accountability to not go far above & beyond the amount of time & effort I presently have to dedicate to such a project. Although I might indeed be willing to spend endless hours in the pursuit of this project, my schedule & lifestyle at the moment really won't support that, and the Journal very quickly revealed how incredibly easy it would be to overspend my time & effort. As a 7th-year grad student in my 2nd terminal degree, it is absolutely no surprise that school can take up a lot of time--it can easily take up ALL of my time; but still, I was actually quite surprised how bad I was at successfully guessing the amount of time this project might take. I mapped out 4-6 hours of work per week for this project, and then spent 7 and a half hours during only my first day at the library scanning pages. The Journal has been a really excellent, alternatingly humbling & validating way to be highly mindful of & realistic about what is actually doable within a single semester of graduate work. I have adjusted the scope of my project (at this precise stage) from tackling all of Eigner's "Collected" down to just about the first 20 years of his publishing career; the Journal, too, though, has enabled me to plan out goals, sometimes semesters or years in advance, so that this feels less like a "failure" or "giving up" and more like one step out of many. My preliminary conclusions based on all of this is that I will not, yet, be able to draw any conclusions about Eigner's entire life work and, instead, must focus on the "building" stage of this project. 
